Uredo

Glowing almost as bright as a comet, the seedship's speed bled off in the form
of light, leaving a blazing crimson trail in the planet's upper atmosphere.
As the ship slowed and prepared to assume a stable orbit, like an animal
stopping by a stream to quench an unbearable thirst, giant wings unfurled to
soak in the sun's gentle warmth and gossamer tendrils uncoiled from the ship
and plunged into the upper layers of the planet's thick atmosphere to trap
microscopic traces of the most fundamental chemicals to be found in the
universe.  This ship was alive.

Feeding like this, wherever it could, allowed the craft to travel an
inordinate distance from the system of its birth though nearly starving at
each leg of its long journey.  With the edge of its ravenous hunger dulled,
the outer skin of the ship sheeted off and crumbled into a fine dust that
settled into the planet's upper atmosphere.  This dust would be carried on the
thermals and eddies, eventually to be deposited on the planet's surface and,
almost before it had settled, it would begin to grow.

Once the spore dust had taken root in the surface soil, miniature chemical
factories began to convert sunlight and substrate elements into fuel for the
entities.  Differentiating at the command of a strict chemical code, soon many
distinct forms could be seen in dense patches all over the continents of this
world.  Each and every one built from the very essence of the land and as a
result, seem almost a part of it; growing in harmony with it.  The colours and
hues of the growths mimicking the existing background and their environment
shaping them.  Were it not for this camouflage, it might have been a simple
task to pick out slight signs of movement among them.  Given enough time, this
difficulty would ebb.

Before departing, vital information from its ancestors, stored in crude
chemical forms, was supplied by the maternal seedship to its children.  This
information would ensure that its beloved offspring would develop the means to
grow, to communicate, to build, and eventually to reach into space.  It was in
this way that all the planets and moons in this region of the galaxy were
populated by the plant-like plague.  It was in this way that the Uredo was
born.

---

The living seedships could only stop to feed at planets that had at least a
modest atmosphere with the necessary trace gases.  As the process of
distributing the spores required just such an atmosphere, the two urges that
drive a living seedship are complimentary and, to borrow a concept from wave
theory, constructively interfere with each other.

Like any living creature, the will to survive and proliferate can be so strong
that sometimes great feats of courage and endurance are possible.  Hunger,
being one of the baser drives, is as such one of the strongest motivators.
The need to reproduce can only be satisfied after all other requirements have
been attended to.  But, as is the case with so many wild animals throughout
the universe, strife is so common a companion that any opportunity to satisfy
either of these needs would rarely be ignored.

It was decided by the governing council that we would create living seedships
that would carry our essence into the deep unknown--having already nearly done
so quite some time ago with our Nanoplants.  The distances between galaxies as
yet still barely understood by even our most learned scientists or most
travelled and brave explorers.  Our current life-support systems, having
changed little in the countless years since we took our first meek steps in
space, would be taxed beyond their usable lifetimes by such a voyage.  A
challenge for our entire race and, like so many before, shall be met lest our
empire crumble into lifeless dust.

Any seeds that would be sown on a distant planet would have to develop and
germinate at their final destination as supplies no doubt would be scarce on
such a long journey.  Scarcest of all would be the mineral supplies.  It is
likely that current insect-based life would not be able to survive on such
meager rations.  Even all currently known forms of plant-based life would not
be immune to these shortages.  Only some forms of fungal life could live under
these extreme conditions.  Some have even been known to thrive.

After many less successful attempts, a suitable host ship was developed and
tested in the coldness of space.  It stood up quite well even when compared to
traditional plant-based materials.  A melding of plant, insectoid and fungal
elements, these ships could sustain themselves for many centuries through
careful expenditure of stored mineral reserves and by entering a kind of
suspended animation.  Whether it shall be enough to see them through an
intergalactic jump only time will tell.

With its cargo of sleeping spores lovingly nestled against its breast, the
first great living seedship left the warmth of its nest to set out into
nothingness.  Now, as the ship nears the edge of sensor range, it slips into a
trance, a slumber, though it will not rest until it has fulfilled its
instinctual urges.  Go, great blessed seed mother.  May our paths cross again.

---

It has been many eons now since the birth of their kind in this sector of
space.  The seedship that gave them life has long since passed far into the
void.  Perhaps she yet lives.  It is of no importance to her offspring
anymore.  Once this was a harsh and dreadful place.  They thrive here now.
The memory of her sacrifice has long since passed into legend yet her legacy
continues.

When this region of space was originally colonized, small pockets of life were
created within this galaxy each separated from all the others.  As life
evolved on each planet and moon, they learned as much of what was passed down
to them from their ancestors through the chronicles as they were able.  Over
the centuries, as they were following the call to take to space, rudimentary
communication with the other pockets was then possible though sometimes at
great cost.  An alliance and merging of all the Uredo clans here was
eventually made and a capital was selected.  It was then that they started to
build the space systems that can be seen today.

On the surface, it is teeming with life.  Huge reddish-green spires tower
above the settlements below.  Jet black airships create gigantic flickering
shadows over all as they periodically dock with the tops of the spires
ferrying supplies and personnel to and from the geo-synchronous space
fortresses.  Orbiting high above these are the sentry ships--prowling
endlessly--armed to the teeth.  Powerful, ominous these dark sentinels be;
their surfaces so dark it is as if they swallow the starlight that surrounds
them.  Great collapsible flanges extend from the body of the ship and fan
outwards as they charge their primary guns with the energy of the sunlight.  A
full volley of even one of these ships, while it would temporarily spend their
plasma batteries, it is thought it could probably render a small moon to a
cinder.  A battalion of these ships, solar arrays extended and main gun ports
glowing, would be a truly formidable and awe-inspiring sight indeed.

---

The most difficult obstacle that our children yet must face is one of
isolation.  Isolation and loneliness.  Pure cruelty that they will be cut off
from their proud parents, not just for them, but for us as well.  This cruelty
compounded by the lack they shall endure of not having a hive mind to nurture
and console them.  They will forever know only isolation and loneliness.  A
being such as a hive mind would be unable to survive for so long without
constant and varied companionship.  Even the company of the seed mothership
would be insufficient in this task.  What a terrible existence.  Our children
will know only each other by simple telepathy--un-enriched by the splendour of
wisdom and the temperance of age or even the simple feeling of complete unity.
Oh, tender saplings, our hearts will leave with you.

Even as we look upon them, the first strains growing in the incubation units,
we find their similarities and differences comforting.  Plant-like in
appearance, save for their reddish-green hues, and yet all of their structures
appear to mimic fungal growths.  Their skins and membranes toughened by
impregnating them with insectoid exoskeletal biomasses.  Foreign and even ugly
some may say but the beauty and elegance of their function and simplicity is
almost overwhelming.  What parent cannot help but love their wondrous
seedlings with a passion that cannot be spoken with words?  Alas, it is with a
fond sadness that we will bid our beloved little ones goodbye.

---

Dan Speaks:  Fragmented multi-empires is a punishment of sorts.  The primarily
impact of this revolves around potentially stunted research pools.  As a
reward, you get the tech advantage, "squelched warp signal".  A short-hopping
large fleet has been able to avoid detection by your own instruments
approximately 50% of the time, per short-ranged warp.  Most of this has to do
with careful fleet positioning for solar refuelling.  Long-range warps have
been undetected only 20% of the time, approximately; long-range warp
signatures are much larger and hence harder to suppress.

Dan Speaketh More:  Ammunition represents pre-charged cells.  A ship will have
enough stored energy to fly around and shoot some, for the duration of the
combat.  Charging in combat requires going absolutely, utterly stock-still;
immobile, in other words.  Each combat round at habitable-class planet range
from the sun gives you one shot.  This will be modified up or down based on
how far away you're engaged in combat.

Or alternately, you just make a refueller or something.
