Mankind has always been curious.  Always seeking, always searching.  Knowledge
is power and the more power the better.  Man has always sought to learn that
which he does now know; to reach what he cannot touch.  This thirst for
knowledge drives him to discover all the secrets of the universe.

Maxwell proved the relationship between electricity and magnetism.  This helped
to explain the behaviour of light.  Einstein theorized the relationship between
matter and energy.  His theory of relativity even fifty years later helps
science digest things that it learns through exploration here on Earth and in
outer space.  Later, unified field theory merged electromagnetic forces with
the newly discovered strong and weak forces present at the subatomic level.  We
have only to wait for the missing piece of the puzzle that will link gravity to
the other 4 known forces in the universe.  Grand unification is the holy grail
of science.

On a galactic scale, our Solar System and surrounding stars influence each
other.  Cannibalistic binary stars, black holes, white holes, acretion disks.
Everywhere, everything affects everything else.  Galaxies collide with other
galaxies to produce bizarre compound galaxies.

On a planetary scale, the Earth, the Moon, satellites, oceans, mountains,
trains, cars, people are all interconnected and each member influences the
other.  Space Shuttle launches affect the orbits of surrounding heavenly bodies
as well as the Earth as gravitational fields clash and merge.  Species
extinction affects the planet's foodchain and ripples are felt all the way to
the top.  There are gravitational forces, electromagnetic forces and strong and
weak atomic forces present between all the beings and objects on and around the
Earth.

On a molecular scale, all the five known forces are still present.  Chemical
bonds, electron shells, quantum states.  All the elements are interconnected
and are influenced from forces within and without.  Likewise, the forces at
work inside at the molecular level can be felt from outside as well.  Molecular
bonding, metal fatigue and even fire all produce effects that can be felt and
seen by humans.

All the evidence that has been collected over the centuries by thousands of
scientists and researchers points to the fact that there lies somewhere the key
to the universe.  Somewhere lies proof that all of the five known forces are
all related to one another.  Other clues also point out that even more abstract
forces such and space, time and even human conciousness itself are all related
to one another and the five known physical forces as well.

The church and the scientific community have been at each other's throats for
centuries.  The church has always told of the divine in the mundane.  All of
creation was the work of God.  Everything is connected.  Through the study of
subatomic particles, science is beginning to learn about the fundamental
interconnectedness of all things in our universe. Theoretical connections
called 'superstrings' have been the subject of much debate for the past decade.
It wasn't until science began probing the subatomic depths that theology
started to agree with science.

Superstrings mimic the neural connections within the human brain.  It has been
suggested then that the mind does not reside within the brain but instead
within the very cells that make up the human body.  Theologicians, philosophers
and even some scientists believe that conciousness is an innate property of all
matter in the universe.  This concept would explain some of the questions that
man has been asking since before recorded time. The fundamental
interconnectedness of all things in the universe would be total and absolute.
No longer only a physical realm, the universe would be conciousness.
Conciousness would be the universe.  It is because of this that superstrings
remain a controversial item in the scientific community.

A small collection of independant researchers began to delve into the
microcosmos.  With a new way to look at the universe, these small groups of
researchers began to make huge advances in the fields of neuroscience,
artificial intelligence, medicine, molecular biology, cloning, genome research,
etc.  Not since the first great unification have so many advances been observed
in so short a period of time.

These advances were toned down quite a bit by the rest of the scientific
community out of fears that funding for some of their research may be cut.
Very little of what was discovered was published and much of the research soon
was under government control.  Rather than continue the research though, most
of it was stopped entirely.  The public didn't notice and soon all mention of
the third grand unification disappeared completely.

Soon, all public knowledge of these breakthoughs were completely erased. A
privately-funded research group, controlled secretly by the military, was set
up to continue to develop this new scientific knowledge as it applies to
weapons development.  As they were exploring some of the newer discoveries that
were made by pioneers in this new field they stumbled across the link between
matter and conciousness.  Now there was tangible proof that conciousness was a
property of matter.

More money was allocated to the facility and soon a top secret project was
founded to peer into the depths of conciousness itself.  Experiments were
carried out on genetic samples from various species of lab animals.
