Truckstop Diner

"And that's when you came into the story." 

"So, why are they after you then?" 

"I've lost track.  Must be losing my edge."  The man's hawk-like eyes told
otherwise.

The place was nearly empty except for the two of them and the waitress.  A
truckstop diner in the middle of nowhere... at night.  The waitress arrived at
their table with their respective meals.  John guessed that if the food was
half as bad as the decor he'd sooner let his body digest itself.  The old man
had insisted that John try the establishment's famous Breakfast Special,
despite the waitress' protests that it was well after eight o'clock in the
evening.  There was nothing remarkably special about it except that it was
edible, with a little force of will.  He tried not to look at the old man's
burger and fries.  He ate quietly as the jovial storyteller continued to
recount his adventures during mouthfuls. 

"I wasn't going to stop at first but the radio said there's a storm warning in
effect tonight." 

Again John thanked him for the lift.  "You must really have been hungry" the
old man commented, nodding at John's nearly full plate.  "Anyway, I've been on
the run for over a year now.  It's a lifestyle aaall on it's own.  Kinda used
to it now.  You know, can't even remember what it was like before... must mean
the ol' steel trap is getting rusty" he added and tapped his forehead with his
fork.

"So, Johnny... who, or what, are _you_ running from?" 

John gave up the pretense of eating as the old man flagged down the waitress
to order some coffee.  "Nothing.  Myself, I guess.  I wanted to see things.
The usual cliches." 

"Welcome to the club, kid.  Where you from?" 

"Ever heard of a place called 'Kranwell'?".  The man shook his head.
"Wouldn't help if I told you where it is either.  And it's not on any map.
Only about sixty people living there.  All farmers.  All of 'em crazy.".  John
fought a shudder--it won. 

"There was this one guy who...".  The old man suddenly tensed and John shut up
instantly.  John's companion peered intently at the windows even though they
were almost completely opaque with some undecipherable smearings.  He seemed
to be listening to something outside.  John could not distinguish the noise
from the cacaphony of the trucks.  "It's one of them.  Trust me, you don't
want to wait around once they find out you're with me." 

The old man left some cash on the table.  John followed the him into the men's
room.  The two of them jumped out the bathroom window and headed towards the
herd of parked trucks.  The old man stopped and pointed to an all black truck
with no trailer.  "There's the bastard's truck.  Come on.  I'll drive you as
far as I can."
